gh-66436: Improved prog default value for argparse.ArgumentParser (#124799)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

Improved Modules
================

argparse
--------

> * The default value of the :ref:`program name <prog>` for
>   :class:`argparse.ArgumentParser` depends now on the way the Python
>   interpreter was run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default value of the :ref:`program name <prog>` for
  :class:`argparse.ArgumentParser` now reflects the way the Python
  interpreter was instructed to find the ``__main__`` module code.
```
